Show installing Foreman Server for all builds (#4188)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_using-an-http-proxy-for-all-http-requests-by-using-cli.adoc

Reviewer: Btw, is "default" the correct term? Isn't this HTTP proxy more like "global"?

Author: I did not introduce/change this term. Out of scope for this PR, but I can work on a follow-up PR shortly afterwards. I want to investigate the whole HTTP proxy topic.

-> No change for now.

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE

[id="using-an-http-proxy-for-all-{project-context}-http-requests-by-using-cli"]

> = Using an HTTP proxy for all {Project} HTTP requests by using CLI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= Setting the default HTTP proxy for all {Project} HTTP requests by using CLI
```
Would this be more precise?

Alternatively:
```suggestion
= Setting global HTTP proxy for all {Project} HTTP requests by using CLI
```

You can use Hammer CLI to configure an HTTP proxy for all {Project} HTTP requests.

.Procedure

> * Set a default HTTP proxy:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Set the default HTTP proxy:
```
Because there's only one default.

Author: Applied.
